Speaker 1: Over to everybody. But, like, I don't. If this, like, request didn't come through, like, I don't even know if they would be interested in this data or not. You know, Like, I don't.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker 1: It doesn't seem like there's like the AI team, like, has a clear path of what they're looking for. It seems like, hey, like, they get like an inbound. It's like, interesting. And then like, then, yeah, we could use something like this. It's like, very not proactive.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker 1: When.
Speaker 2: When Matthias asked you like, what is Claru? I was like, maybe we should have not told him and then just like outbound him from like the Claru domain and be like, we have this data and he sends it to Julian and then we can attribute it as revenue.
Speaker 3: U.
Speaker 2: But yeah, anyway, this like one and a half hours, I'm thinking we could probably do it every Monday instead moving forward. Honestly, like, there's no, like, very like, rigid structure to it. I kind of see it as just like our working session as a team. So once we get into this groove of each of us, like, focusing on this one thing and trying to like, build it or whatnot, this is where we can hopefully come together, like, in sync and just like, you know, screen share, talk about it, et cetera. I don't know if you guys had a chance to look at kind of the 90 day roadmap doc that I started putting together. Let me just share it here, so it's easy as well. Oh, there it is.
Speaker 3: Okay.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so I had like a chance to sync with Chad yesterday, but maybe like, for all of us today, I'll kind of give you guys the general context of what it seems like Danny is looking for from this team and sort of why they want to commercialize data marketplace efforts. So the main thing from what I understand is Reika is at about 5 million in revenue today, and their goal is to hopefully get that to about 10 by the end of this year. The Hollywood team, which is kind of, you know, legacy, Moon Valley, you could say they're. I think they're at like 100k or something of that nature. And they have a goal to get to 10 as well. And then what Danny wants us to do is can we take this capability that we've built internally and can we get that to 10 as well by the end of the year? And with around 30 million, give or take in run rate, they think, like, that's a pretty good revenue number to go and almost like help raise the next Round where the focus shifts away from, we've raised, you know, 100 million on this amazing team that's come together and now it's like, hey, there's like three business lines across AI, across media and entertainment, and then let's say even marketplace that can justify the next, I don't know, 250 or $300 million round that they want to go raise. So with that sort of lens in mind, I think a lot of our reason for existing is really about traction and revenue. So it's less about creating a really good supply side or building a really good product. Most of how much we're going to earn the right to do those things and hire people will come from quick traction signals and bets that we want to make. And I honestly think, like, for us, if we were to like kill away all the noise around us, we basically have about 90 days to show that. Is there some product market fit here or service market fit? You know, are people willing to take calls with us? Are we able to like go from demos to potentially like a couple pilot projects? And then I think if we get to that point, we'll start to see some unlock in terms of, okay, shit, you know, physical intelligence is talking to us. Like, let's go get these guys an info person and a dev. Like, let's pull Fedora off doing data for AI and make Fedor part of like Claru and as kind of the CTO that can hopefully help scale these things. So I think a lot of that will unlock. We just need to give them that signal of, hey, your thesis is kind of right, there is money to be made here. And so that's, I think, where we should prioritize a bunch of our efforts. It's really just around go to market. So there's like some housekeeping stuff that I guess over this week we'll be able to do like moving the domain over, getting the site up. I think the other thing is less like, aside from infrastructure, getting some of those base assets created. So hopefully, like over this week and next, like, I'll be pinging you guys to understand, okay, we've got like some of this, like data that we've collected. Is there some, like, really nice way we can present it on our site in some form? Like only the thing you shared with Steve, right, where it's like you log in and then you just get this little portal where you can do that stuff. Super like easy for us to build that sort of stuff. So I think the next two weeks, which is kind of like what I put as like weeks 8 to 10, become a little bit of that, just getting kind of our collateral ready, getting sort of our plan ready. And then I think the rest of it is really just like, let's put some go to market bets, let's figure out which ones we think could work. And then like us three are really just spending most of our time trying to chase it. I had a couple that like, initially I thought through, which was, you know, like the upwork, job monitoring and things like that, which we've discussed. We could probably spend a little bit of today even just brainstorming from all. From like the knowledge that you guys have from talking to different competitors what might be ways they're getting business or driving, like traction, and can we go and replicate that in some form? And then really it's just like, let's turn those into some, like, tangible tasks in our Sprint board that we can work towards. So let's say we're doing all of that stuff. I'm sure we'll learn in the process too, from talking to Fedora and talking to these customers. I think eventually, my hope is by April, we're in pilot land. We're in conversations with one to three people where they're like, sure, let's do a 10K project. Let's see like what the ergo centric data is that you can get back to us and that kind of becomes this gating factor of. All right, well, now that we've kind of gone through essentially Q1 of the year, what does Q2 onwards look like? How much can we feasibly scale this thing? My hunch is most of the revenue will come from a couple big deals. It's like we do like one project really well and then they're like, all right, sign us up for, you know, a million dollars, and then let's just like go at it for a couple of those deals. I don't think it'll come from a bunch of really small stuff, but who knows? I actually don't really know how this will play out once we get there. But that's in a nutshell, what I've been thinking about. This. This is all we really need to worry about. And it's almost like fundamental startup mode, as if we all just left Moon Valley and we're like, hey, we got no job, we got no money. But we have to see if this can become something. How do we do it? What's the very unscalable ways we're going to go and try to get people interested, have Convos and see what happens. That's probably the work at hand. Now the last thing I'll mention before we can kind of talk about stuff is we're also just going to get projects probably from Rekha and the AI team. Like the stuff that Matthias pinged us about. I think the only way we can do this but also service that work. And I told Chad this is we just kind of have to price it in. We have to price in contractors we bring on board or bringing Kaiki back in to run the project from a technical standpoint and just be prepared that us three are kind of the people that will be 80% GTM. And then amongst us three, the remaining 20% is what like keeps the rest of the actual operations and delivery going until obviously like we start landing pilots and then maybe it's like we can bring in someone that can be more of like our first salesperson or something like that. But yeah, that's kind of, that's sort of like how I see things at the moment. Yeah. What do you guys think like from your understanding and also like you have the advantage of talking to a lot of competitors and kind of understanding how they operate. Like what's general feel of things.
Speaker 3: Yeah, I mean this all sounds pretty good. I did look at this document I think yesterday and I've had some of this conversation with Chad. I do think that there is a market there especially in a little bit in the data collection stuff. Like we're seeing a lot of these companies and they're not that big. Right. They're like max two people, three people. So one of our size. They're YC kind of companies, very small and I think we've been able to gather a decent amount of info in what they're offering and something that we can base it probably, I think from my perspective probably a little bit challenging until we establish that kind of presence that I think we've. I think all three of us are aligning, getting some, some stuff out there, maybe the rankings and LinkedIn just so you know, just so somebody Google's clearoo. Yeah, and, and yeah, I think, yeah, I think we just dedicate our effort towards getting a few conversations. I do think though going back to the very beginning of this call, I think converse some conversations with existing members, whether it's Moon Valley, like researchers or recognition could I think significantly help us. Not significantly, but I think could help us frame our conversations with like potential customers and stuff. Like I think showing just that level of expertise I noticed is a big difference. Like Steve, I Think Chad can attest to this a little bit. Their pricing was, you know, there's some stuff they weren't good at, but their expertise was immediate. Like you're okay know what they're doing kind of versus a one founder company who was kind of saying the same level that we were saying, like the same info and the same expertise. And I don't know, it felt a little bit like I was like, okay, I don't think. I think they kind of know what they're doing a little bit.
Speaker 2: Yeah, interesting.
Speaker 3: That's like my one small takeaway. But yeah, otherwise like, yeah, it all kind of. It sounds good to me.
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, I agree. I think that our first, like, I think our first customers are likely to come through like internal referrals. So I actually think that that's probably going to be the channel that we should push on at least first because they will give us like the warm introductions to those other companies or if it's not warm, it's, you know, a heads up kind of thing. So I think to me, cold outreach, like I think we definitely have to do it, but I don't know if that like, I think those results may take a while longer because like you do really need to have like, you know, an overall presence. Right? Like, because we're not going to appear that much different than any of these other shops in my opinion at least right off the gate. So like that's a longer play in my mind is some of the gold outreach stuff. I think like this like warm intros, referrals, like I think that my hope is that can get us our first pilot, which I think is really important to proving just like overall success. Once we get that first pilot, as long as we can perform well, which I think that we'll be able to, I think that we can leverage that into a larger deal with the company which then like if you can get a million dollar deal, like all of a sudden our, you know, project, if you will like seem very promising. And so I think like to me, I think leaning on this like as warm of intro as we can, at least initially, I think will be really important and then we can do like cold outreach, plant the seeds. I don't know if there's like some like, you know, LinkedIn marketing that we can do sales navigator kind of stuff that we just can start to like find other people that may be interested. I also think like the thing that I was talking to Danny about with like the ram, like if you go to market with their VLM to Label data. There's two ways you can do it, right? You can actually approach some of these other annotation marketplaces that may want to add in like labeling data. So you could take this an approach where like, hey, we want to sell you the VLM that labels your data as well, which opens like a whole additional customer. And then third would be like, or second would be like when we label data we just use rake as API, which then will boost up our overall contract price and then you start to see like some synergies there. So I actually think like if you go, you can go to market with their vlm, which is a little bit different than anything that we're thinking of today. Like we could sell that like in a roundabout way. I don't know if we'd sell it as Claru, right? But you'd sell it like more as from like a rake standpoint. But that's something that like is interesting because only and I actually were looking, have looked for this kind of product in the past when we were thinking about how to like label this large scale data that we want to do. And there's not like anything that really jumps out there that's like tailored this way so you could directly like create some sort of like labeling product where like instead of like you having to figure out your own prompts, it's like it's already tailor made to how like most people would want the data to be labeled. So that is like a potential solution too that I think that we should like somehow bake in or consider as something that we could do too.
Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That is interesting actually because the one thing we are noticing is like a signal is the rise of these companies, whether they're video capture companies that are just purely video capture or bigger companies like the tourings of the world or to look as they have done different things and now are also offering their in house kind of data collection efforts. Everybody needs a vlm. And I think one of the key differentiators that we're seeing in terms of the quality of the video data itself and also the quality of annotation and how many like layers of classification you need, I think is solely relying on that vlm. I think one of the key differentiators to see which of these companies are going to rise to the top is like how strong their VLM is. And of course they're like, you know, human in the loop. Their QA kind of element, which I think kind of ties into that vlm. So it could be an interesting Chadia it could be kind of interesting to almost like package that as a potential product to some of these and be like, you know, we got the best VLM there is type of thing for you to use it.
Speaker 1: Yeah, it's like an out of the box solution for people where they don't have to like tinker with it. I don't know, it's something to think about. Like, probably not like our number one product at the moment, but I do think there is something like there.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think it's almost like you've got your workforce that's offering number one and then you've got your tooling which is like, you know, the labeling platform, the video game platform. And then like the third can probably be like, here's the VLM platform and we don't even necessarily need to like say it as like, oh, here's these tools that you can go and sign up for, but we can showcase it and then be like, hey, do you want to have a call, conversation about it? And then in the convo it can be like, hey, if you are okay with VLM level labeling, yeah, we've got this proprietary model and tool and we've got people and it's like maybe a human in the loop type offering that brings down cost and speeds things up. But you know, that, that does kind of like raise this like one question which I don't still have like a good answer to. What makes us different? Like when we're going to go to market and we're stacking up against the, you know, robotic shops selling their data, the scale, AIs, the Tolokas, like, what is our, is our edge just going to be domain expertise, that we're the only people that can really do it for vision and you know, VLM and robotics companies, is it that we're a one stop shop, we do collection and labeling kind of like end to end, or is it something else? Like how, how have you guys thought about like what makes us different? Just like the classic question, right from.
Speaker 1: My standpoint, like, at least initially, what I think will make us different, I'm hoping to just like compete on price. And I know it's not like the best thing to compete on, but it's like we've seen like these other companies like Bacon Significant Mart, like we know what they're doing, we've seen them bake in significant margin on the videos. The thing is like, if we could basically sell at cost to one customer, like you know, at 10 bucks an hour for all the egocentric data, but you're able to find two customers, all of a sudden you've like, you know, you, you have a big margin because like the key is selling the same data, I think to two different providers. So it's like you create this like unique project initially and then you actually own that data set. Um, so like you could run a break even project which would be very attractive for these customers. And then we're just in the future banking on selling that data set in the future to somebody else. Uh, and to me that like, I think we can use very low pricing. And I think the other thing that like this team in my opinion has is like, like from an operational and project management standpoint, like it can be very smooth. Like I worked at Toloka and it wasn't very fun. Like they were incredibly slow. Like there's a lot of back and forth. Like I did very much like project manage them to, to do our project. I think if we can really be like more of a partner to a business, that would be a huge win, right? Like take as much bandwidth from them and then put it onto our shoulders. Even if it's like not sustainable in the long run, but like it really helps them. I think that that would really be a pretty like big value for a lot of people. And especially if you're going into these like small frontier labs that may not have like an ops team that would run it. Like, you know, even think about Reiko alone. Like, you know, it's like Eugenie would probably be the person that would be doing that and she's balancing like a million other things. So like, how do we make it like as easy for her to say yes to us as possible? I think that like to me is kind of what will get our foot into the door, I'm hoping. And then like this full suite of services that we can offer I think can be quite beneficial because it's like now I don't need to go to another vendor to label, like you guys can do it. Like I can go from like my idea to all the way. Like it's being ingested into our system. So I think like it's kind of the three prong approach. It's like price to get them into the door. Like know, once you start working at them, like operationally like everything goes very smooth. You can then layer on additional services.
Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, I think, I think, yeah. Everything that Chad said, especially that kind of partnership element, like a lot of these companies, I think maybe because I don't know whether they're aware or they're not, they're only offering like consciously only offering one thing or two things, like different kind of products or services. Whereas I think because we're in a unique position that we've worked for different like robotics needs within like a Moon Valley or ra, I think we could. Framing is going to be really important. I think marketing kind of this is going to be important. But this kind of true ops partner, like hey, you have so much going on. You have your researchers, your scientists, you're focused on models, you focus on robotics. We do this full time. Like we can handle you, whatever you need. And then that breaks down that potential like end to end pipeline offering that we can get the data annotated and delivered. But if you only need one of these modules, like if you only need a really good VLM layer. Yeah, we got it. If you only need annotations. Yeah, you know that as well. I think going into the. Because my focus like the last few weeks has been a little bit more like the video collection element rather than the annotation. I think price is big because what Chad said, the exclusivity, like if we just do a non exclusive with a partner, we can break even or even like sell them to them like for low with the idea that we can bank this on a second customer, which is a big if I think right. It's not guaranteed. But now another good thing that we have is that we have really good market signals of how much these companies, other vendors are paying their contributors. Like we've seen as low as three an hour, which is, you know, very, very low. Like extreme. We've seen up to like 15, but I know micro1 is in that like 5 to 7 range. I think for us before we didn't necessarily know that. And so I think that can help us a little bit do that. I think another thing within the video collection is the smoothness. But also we are pretty flexible. Like within a day or two we could hop on slack, right? We can get 500 users to start uploading a very specific thing. So almost selling that as like a, as like a potential like differentiator is key, like flexibility. Like hey, if you have a data need, you know, today, but you want to change it tomorrow, Whether it's from 15 seconds long clips to 5 seconds long, you do that and we, you know, we can take care of it. And then another small thing I will add is maybe to market it, it could be beneficial, maybe it does not. I'm just kind of thinking a lot is also the diversity of the Data where it's coming from. Almost every single one of these companies is solely focused in India, Pakistan and Philippines. Where the data is coming from. Now for, you know, folding laundry, that's not really that important, I guess because the movement is being done. But I know this guy from Object Ways, the founder, actually, he was like, more and more we're getting companies looking for US based data like Canada, South America, Europe. So if we're able to kind of push that and promote that. Because I see none of these other companies are saying that like Southeast Asia, we can be like, hey, we have, you know, we're one of the first companies that are taking it truly global. Like, here's a map. Maybe here's some samples from each map. That could be like an interesting kind of thing to kind of like push that diversity. So yeah, price diversity within video collection and then that, yeah, that data operations partnership is like a wider kind of frame. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 2: Okay. So there's this framework called Win, Differentiate, Compete. It's kind of like a competitive positioning framework. Compete is like where you want to make sure you're just at par with everyone else. Differentiate is kind of what it says. It's like, how do you create this like unique angle in whatever you're doing? And then win is sort of like what you're betting the table on. It's like this is the one thing where no matter what, if I had 100 bucks, 90 bucks is going to go towards the capabilities that are part of this win, I guess, dimension. Right. So what I'm hearing from you guys, if I were to put this into this WDC framework, what we're winning on is we're the only team that sort of quote unquote, end to end, knows what's the right data for these labs, where to go get them, how to label them properly, how to deliver it to you of high quality so that you can train the best models in the world. The way we differentiate against anyone else that's also giving you this data, so to speak, is we're the only team that's an embedded model. So we are in your slack. We're almost this data ops team that onboards into your company. We're talking to the researchers, we're talking to the data engineers and we're figuring out for the data we get you, how we work with them to get the right metadata and get it ready for whatever training. And then it sounds like it's hard to tell if like pricing is really what we're differentiating or winning on. It almost sounds like price is where we just want to make sure we're reasonably competitive. So if it's like they're offering, you know, 10 bucks an hour for a labeler, yeah, we don't want to go in offering 20 bucks an hour, but we're at least doing 10 or less. We're staying pretty like competitive there, but not necessarily what we're optimizing for. Like, we wouldn't build our team around trying to put downwards pressure on price is what I'm hearing. What do you guys think when I play that back to you from what you guys just said? Is that how you would interpret our competitive positioning?
Speaker 3: I think the, the way that you frame the differentiation, like the, you know, we're onboarded to. I think that for me at least that sounds really like a very attractive proposition to kind of, to kind of pitch. Almost like we're in your slack. We, you know, like we got it so you don't have to type of thing. And I probably would with the price. The one thing I would say is like, I think the price could be a really good opportunity to get the foot in the door. Like if we are out there and we're like, hey, we're probably the cheapest one, you know, we're probably the lowest one. I think that will be. They'll make a lot of people be like, oh, let's hear them out, you know, or like, let's, let's see. Like, that's really intriguing. Might not be sustainable long term, but I do think the price could be like enough of a signal for a potential customer to be like, oh, hold on a second, like, how come, like, let's talk to these guys or like, let's hear them more. Let's, I don't know, try it out, let's pilot it. But that's just my first thinking, especially on that price piece.
Speaker 1: Yeah, Yeah. I think the, the price piece to me, I think is going to like, if we can, I don't know if it's like this matrix of like pricing quality and we can show that we're like higher on the price, like lower on the price matrix, but can still deliver high quality. Like that's, I think like where we want to be from like a pricing standpoint. I almost feel like we're competing though, on like the platform as a whole, like our full service shop though. Right? Like that's, is that right in the frame? I have to look at the framework a little bit closer, but is that like the right place to put like that versus, like, do we Win the deal, we win the initial deal on price or is that not the right like framing?
Speaker 2: It's almost like where are we betting our superiority on? So if price is what we're betting superiority on, everything we do is we're focusing on automation, we're trying to do machine captioning, like we're trying to bring that price as low as possible because we know when we go to a buyer ultimately their decision making is going to be oh yeah, their data is decent, their team is decent, but they're just so cheap. It's like a no brainer to go with these guys. The other flip way is like if we're winning on the embedded model, then it's just like, oh yeah, they're kind of the same price as the other companies, their data and what they're able to do is kind of the same as well. But this is the only team that's actually in your slack as if it's an embedded team. And so that means, you know, the way we operate and what we think about, the one thing we have to execute flawlessly becomes the embedded model over like building automation or thinking about ways to bring the price down, et cetera. And then yeah, or the other inverse of that is like, are we actually going in and saying, actually what we're really good at is getting you some of the best data that's tailor made for your labs. That's where we're focusing our efforts and energy on. It's not going to be the cheapest in the world, but it's not going to be so expensive that you're just going to automatically disqualify us. And then what's kind of like the edge where we differentiate against someone else, like Steve, who says we've got the best data in the world for you is we have this embedded nature that we bring in that ensures that when we say it's the best data, we're working with you to make sure it's the best data. And think about it, from the framing of like Matthias or Julian, what are they actually going to be looking for? The reason pricing, I think cannot be what we really double down on. Like those guys never talk about pricing. They're always just like looking at, let me see the data, let me see the metadata. Oh great. Like, you know, sure, let's get a sense of what the pricing is and go do it. Like obviously we want to be very efficient in pricing, but it's more just like a, it's almost like an internal question of like if we were to Go raise funding for this. Is the VC going to say, okay, great, so your unique value proposition is you're just cheaper than everyone else, or is it someone else? Like, that's the. That's the thing I'm trying to figure out.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I think the end, like, the embed model, I think is fine to get our foot in the door, but I think, like, long term, like, that's like the. Maybe the pilot phase, in my opinion. And I think that can. Maybe that is what wins us the deals. Like, the long term, though, Like, I think what we do well is, like, we scale, we, like, grow very. We can grow very quickly, we can deliver fast. But I do think, like, you know, if Mateus came to us and we gave him back, like, really crummy data, like, he wouldn't want to use this as a vendor. So, like, I think a lot of times price is associated with, like, bad. Like, low price, typically in people's minds, equals low quality. So maybe that's not what we compete on or, like, what we. Maybe that's not where we try to head. And maybe we just try to be like, I don't think we're the highest quality, but I do think at some point, like, all of the data is all pretty relative. Like, I don't think, like, if you go to talk to all these different vendors and get samples, like, I mean, you can probably attest this or let me know if you think differently. But, like, is the data any different between vendors that you see?
Speaker 3: I think it has been pretty. Relatively similar across the board.
Speaker 1: Pretty similar, yeah.
Speaker 3: Maybe one vendor will have, like, remarkably better data, but I think even that is just compression. I think, to be honest, like, in terms of, like, how actually it looks, it would be.
Speaker 1: So then, like, all of a sudden, like, that's not your. Like, that's no one's differentiator. It's like, all of, like, the White Glove service. Like, maybe how you're interacting with the team. Because if, like, the day is all the same and if everybody has about the same capabilities, what does it really come down to? It comes down to, like, how well you work with that team. Are you getting the data that they're actually asking for? And, like, are you able to change course quickly if, like, you don't have the data that they want? And so then maybe, like, maybe the embedded model is how you win. Like, is kind of how you win, right? Like, you become this, like, core team, core vendor for these frontier labs that they just, like, trust you to go get the data and can get it quickly. But, yeah, maybe that's like, maybe it isn't. Maybe we can win our first couple deals on price, and that's like, you know, how we get. Get our foot in the door. But I do think, like, long term, like, the data is all probably about the same. Pricing probably converges across the board. And then, like, you're competing on all. Like, you. You can do everything for that team, right? It's the upsell and the vlms labeling the data. It's like how well you work with those teams. So that's probably, like, how the. Probably how this plays out, like, long term.
Speaker 2: And when you guys talk to these folks and they're all giving you, like, very similar data where, you know, not really discernible, like, one really beats the rest. Then what makes you pick? What made you, for example, say, like, for Steve, you said, oh, the expertise was very evident versus someone else you talked about. Was it really, like, they really talked the language of the labs that made it, like, a confident purchase or did it, like, come down to, like, oh, yeah, even talking to them, they all kind of blur together. So you just sort by cheapest and then you go with them.
Speaker 3: I think. I think personally, it was like a talking to C, for example. We'll just use them as, like, a good example. They hinted at expertise, which then. Or their expertise hinted at, like, good delivery, good data, good whatever. Like, it. I was like, hey, if I was a. I was a lab and I went to them to get it, they'd probably be on it versus some of these other guys. I don't know. I wasn't giving a lot of kind of security and assurance that, yeah, it would be good or it'd be timely, I think. I don't know. There was, like, this level of kind of confidence that they were able to portray through their documentation. Now, whether you dig in a little bit deeper, you know, that could be completely false. Like, that could be the slowest and the worst people, you know, out there. But there was like, a level of kind of, yeah, they're like, we know how to do this. We got this. Like, we can do it relatively more, I think, marginally more than some of these other guys. Like, it wasn't a crazy big difference. I think the one company that got my attention was this company called Object Ways. They talked to talk. They were like, we have a pilot with figure AI. We're doing. We're doing that. We have these IMU devices, wrist cameras. They were giving, like, metrics. Like, our QA team is, you know, full time, 80 people just QA or that was like, okay, okay, yeah, these guys are.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker 3: Versus. Yeah. Versus a guy that just kept talking to us. No screen share, no nothing. No kind of documentation. They were just like, yeah, you know, we do egocentric. Maybe we do one or two other stuff. So I don't know.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Steve's difference was they were just like professional in my opinion. Like, they're like, they're like clean cut. They were sitting in an office. Like, they like had a whiteboard behind them. Like, I don't know, it was more like the presentation than anything. Like, I mean, and then just like. So I think if we can, like, which I think we can do. And I think some of the other guys we talked to were like, you know, crammed into a tiny room. Like, they look like they might have just like still be in college. Crammed in a tiny room. I cuddled over a laptop, like, just like, what do you guys want to talk about? Or what are you looking for? Like, there was no, like, presentation or delivery to a lot of them. And I think if we can like, present. Wow. I think that goes with the embeddedness because then you could like, picture them being part of your team. And I think, like, there's a lot of people we couldn't picture, like, wanting to work with. So I think if we can do that during our presentation, then I think it'll put us in pretty good shape. I also don't think we're going to be like the one company that only talked to that was super technical, just given like our like, skill set. They were probably like almost researchers themselves that have been like, opened up shop to do this kind of thing. And like, I don't think that that's our strength is the three. I mean, at least from my perspective, probably not like the strength of this team. So I don't know if like, we would even compete with them. So if like that person talked to Matthias, they would probably win. But if we were talking like an Akra strategy person, like, we could probably win. And so I think that might be the difference.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, Object ways also has just been around for a while, right? Like, it's not like they started recently, so that might also just be earned experience. Like, they've just started with not knowing much of this and now they've gotten to the point where they've done enough projects that they can talk the talk and I feel pretty confident we would get there too. Like, we do enough of these and then suddenly it's like we've just seen enough variety in the projects. We know what to say and like how to talk about approaching a specific thing.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, go ahead, go ahead Oni.
Speaker 3: Oh, sorry. Now just kind of go yeah, like I think the professional presentation, but also showing that we can be pretty quick and pretty good. Like an example is if you, if you both remember like maybe this was like six months ago when Matthias first asked for 900 hours of these different breakdown of actions. Right. So I can like pick up object, open door, stuff like that. Immediately we were like, okay, yeah, let's do it. And then we turned around, you know, we got more users, we then got the data. You know, it took a few weeks but I think that element of a Matias of the world of another lab asking us, hey, actually we're working on this experiment or working on this, we need you know, X hours of data go. And I think for us like mirroring that John, where you said like that embedded, we're in your slack, we're your, we're like your everything kind of data partner. I think that could be a really attractive proposition for a lot of these teams that are just so busy. Might not have a full on kind of data, you know, operations team in place. So I think, yeah, finding a way we can present that and I think can be, can be kind of key while adhering to some, you know, we keep it like pretty professional. We can have, we can like I work, I worked on a few stuff last week where it's like mirroring potential documentation of data that we'll have in the future. Kind of like seed it with these like public facing notion pages. So I think kind of combining a little bit of everything I think could get us at least some initial, you know, conversations or hopefully that's the goal.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's almost like an embedded model. The advantage of an embedded model is you're really understanding their requirements, the issues they're running into and then like triaging it side by side with them to get them to the finish line. So it kind of, it's almost like yeah, you're not winning on the best data in the world in terms of, but you also kind of are because when you're that embedded you're knowing exactly what they need. Yeah, it's like tailored like we're able to get you really tailored data versus just like here's petabytes of clips. Go churn through it with your team and figure out if it's useful which is like what our thing was like Trovio is literally that they just give you an S3 bucket and we have to do the QA as the AI team and figure out, like, what clips make sense, what doesn't, and then go back and tell them the ones we're rejecting. So maybe that can be the. That can be like a bit of the angle.
Speaker 3: Yeah. That could even maybe make us differentiate some of our, like, marketing or, like, presence instead of kind of being exactly like another one of these vendors with our, you know, website or cold intros, we could frame it. Because I. I do think that's really unique right now. Like, I'm not seeing that anywhere where I look at some of these, like, data vendors. They're all like, off the shelf data set or like custom data collection. That's it. But I think if we're like, oh, we're the first, I don't know, we find the right words like, you know, data, operation, partner, whatever. I think that could be really interesting for a lot of, like, especially researchers, like, looking for this.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 3: Whereas we can provide the data. Like Chad said, the data looks pretty similar across the board. But what we're different is like, we're just there to help you with anything and everything you need, like, data wise, whether it's getting the data or annotating it or this and that. So I think that could be interesting angle to. I think it could be effective just based on the lack of this angle, like, out there in the market.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 3: Yeah.
Speaker 2: What do you think the angle is for supply side? Is there anything unique there? So this is hopefully for the demand side, but do we have. Have you guys learned of any interesting hook there?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I think, yeah, for the supply, like, it's just like keeping people busy and like, having consistent work. I think that that's like the key. Like, we have, I don't know, a thousand people in the marketplace. We have a couple thousand, like, on a wait list. So, like, we actually have, like, a lot. I think if we get into, like, the very tailored supply of like, going into the US or like going into Canada, like, we'll have to rethink some of this. So I think that's. If we go the route of, like, geography or selling geography, like, that's gonna be harder for us from a supply perspective. It'll also be costlier. It's all fine. It's just like, we'll have to figure out how we find that supply. We don't have much of it to tap into today, frankly. I think just going on to Micro One, Mercor and a lot of these annotators put that they work there. And similar to how people are trying to rip off our marketplace and move supply over, we can run very similar strategies. So that tool like Octoparse or whatever I was looking at yesterday, we can pull specific people from their profiles and everything. We can scrape LinkedIn, we might be able to just throw together scraping operations of location titles very quickly and then like blast them with emails or reach out somehow. But supply like in Asia and India, I don't see there's no supply differential. I think like that it's all like largely the same. I think like likely a lot of our people work on micro1 and Mercour and like all these other sites I would get. That would be my guess. So there's no. It's very similar to Uber. Like Uber drivers drove Uber, they drove Lyft, whatever. Like you know, Doordash now, like whatever their opportunities were, they would just kind of grab them. So I think like there's not a true differentiator in terms of supply.
Speaker 2: Was it. Wasn't there something in the early days where if you wanted more community and stuff, people would do Lyft because they were treated better? Yeah. Do you think something like that exists in this world right now where it's like, you know, most of these are just like high volume micro task work. But if you join Claru, it's a little different because of X. Like you know, there's a community or I don't know, something.
Speaker 1: I think the community thing is hard to like compete on. I think like what I'm like I'm in the Micro One slacks and stuff to just like see how they manage it. Like it's kind of like, I don't know, you have a bunch of contractors like asking for work, no one really respond. Like, I don't know, I feel like if we can like just be nice to people, like you can keep supply around, right? It's like answer your DMs, like answer your slack messages. Like, you know, I try to always be like very on top of it because I actually think like there is like a big opportunity to like treat people with like treat people like they're human and like have them on the platform. And I actually think like that alone can make a difference for us. Where it's like you're just a Number at micro1 at this point it seems like. So for me, like I think if we can like continue supporting the community, there's not really like micro1 posts like articles on how to be like a better dating annotator. Like all these like LinkedIn, like post from their CEO or like he's on this new interview and I'm like, people like literally do not care. Like I'm actually like annoyed that I didn't see these like messages. And like I'm like, I'm just like, I don't know, it just doesn't seem like, it seems hard. Like they do do like they try to do trainings and they do like you can become like verified in certain subjects and that sort of thing. Kind of like what upwork was doing. But I don't know if there's like, I don't know if it like will keep people around. Like if there's no jobs. Like they will.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's like maybe it's probably not as big of an issue when it's general supply, but I think to your point, if you needed to find specialized talent that's in this specific city or just like a specialized skill, then how do you get them to not do Mercour or micro1 and instead, you know, throw their hat in the ring with us? Let's assuming, you know, demand of work and pricing is the same and then yeah, like maybe it is. I can't remember what I look, but it's like Micro one when you look at their supply side landing page, it's just really just like here's a bunch of jobs apply and then go through the flow. Maybe the angle we can take which might complement the embedded team angle we do for demand side is this is also like a team you're not joining just a random labor marketplace and there's more humanity to the way we operate. I don't know, it's not as big of a problem for us. But while we're on the thread I was wondering like what is the supply angle?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I think that's it. I think that that can go pretty far for us, at least for now. Once you get into like, you know, if we have to bring in like cinematographers and all the stuff that we talked about in the past, like keeping those people engaged or around like becomes like very difficult. Also you don't really want to like co mingle them with your general supply. I would say like, I don't know, like Micro one has numerous different like slack instances. Like I'm in two of their different ones. Like one is like experts and one is like general community. So like I think they break stuff off and like depending on how like this thing played out. Like if you get like a cinematographer, like I don't know if you're throwing them into slack like with you know, everybody that we have today. Or is it like do you put them into like a specialized slack? I don't know. Like, I think it's. Those are things that we'll have to like think about once we get there.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker 3: I don't foresee supply being a problem to have pure numbers for like the simple stuff, egocentric annotation. I think if you want to do it a little bit more. I do. I think if we were to get like a pilot that is relying on good data, I think that just something to kind of keep in mind there, just making sure you know, everything's good. But I do think even with that putting some extra steps on the onboarding is something that we've discussed previously and even did like a quick mockup just getting a few samples like micro one sometimes does it. Even though they do it in like Google forms and stuff. It's very like, I don't know operational wise but there's these companies out there. You put a few samples, you review them really quickly but. But very kind of strictly and then. But we have a few people that could bring a lot of people too, which is kind of nice. So I think a lot of people in the Philippines stuff, if we want, if we push for that kind of geographical diversity of supply, I think we can be relying on some either upwork or like paid ads that channel you directly to the onboarding kind of page. So that's something we can think about in the future. But for right now it seems like we should be good in terms of just. Yeah, overall generalized supply.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I guess there's like diversity of capabilities which we've talked about. It's like how do we just show when we talk to people? You know, we've done a variety of things. There's a diversity of data that you brought up oni. It's like ergo centric, etc. And then there's like also there's like shifting back to demand side marketing. There's probably like some version of communicating diversity of supply as well where it's like you're getting generalists and experts, you're getting it regionally. What other like angles.
Speaker 3: Yeah, there's like a really interesting like EGO4D. It's like a public available data set. Have a really interesting like map. This is very basic and I think we can do it with like very kind of quick Go. But for example, they have this type of map where if you hover it like different stuff happening. So something like that even honestly, it could be like we could kind of like do this if that makes sense. Like we can get some stuff from South America stuff just like marketing side. But I haven't seen a singular thing like to show diversity of geography anywhere out there. But I know it's becoming a more kind of prominent request.
Speaker 2: That's interesting. This is like a vendor, right? Like they're actually trying to sell this stuff.
Speaker 3: I think it's actually like a public available data set.
Speaker 1: Open source.
Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Julian actually I think showed this to me and you know, it has like a. Yeah, this is just a data set, but I think within the same visualization element, if we're able to show geography but also show within egocentric, we can get it from factories, we can get it from people, we can get it from outside. Like these little things. I think could could be quite nice for us to further tap in and further kind of solidify that embedded. Like we are so flexible. Like, you just tell us what and we got it and.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker 3: And here's like almost like proof of that, that we have some sort of capacity do that.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. Okay. What do you guys think are like the couple main type. Types of assets you've seen from competitors that are just like a must have. So there's obviously like, you need a deck, you need samples. Was there anything else in terms of.
Speaker 3: Like, like marketing kind of collateral stuff or.
Speaker 2: Yeah, like the moment someone says, sure, I'd love to learn more. Kind of give them a general deck, you give them access to some samples. Let's say. Anything else that stood out for you guys when you did like conversations oni.
Speaker 1: Do you have sieves thing? Well, can you pull Steve's notion? Steve's notion's by far the best thing we've done in my opinion. And I think this like led us to believe they were like super professional. Like, it's very well done. Like, it's very clear what they're offering. Their price points are wild, but like they presented very professionally. And I think like this was kind of like. I don't know if they're like ex consulting or what they are, but like it seemed very like, like it just seemed polished and like compared to everybody else.
Speaker 3: Yeah. And the way they present it in terms of timeline is we reached out to their contact us page and then they reached back. I think, hey, we'll schedule a call. They send these two notion pages which is this. So they, you know, almost like the hardware, the way that they capture it, they're covered by diversity which again shows that flexibility that I think we can try to try to emulate. Whether it's geographical or just like this curation, classification, all the available metadatas. I think this is their VLM layer here at play and showing all their kind of capabilities within that. And then yeah, just a bunch of info really. And then they even had this like recording guidelines which was kind of nice. Again this could be a given with a lot of these vendors that you know that they're going to record. But just the fact that they showed the way that they record their quality. This was when we were referring to earlier John, we were like, oh okay. These guys actually do know what they're.
Speaker 1: Doing and mentions like their licensing at the bottom, like there's no questions, right. Like it's not exclusive, that's what you're buying. So.
Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, exactly. And afterwards they send their data catalog which had all the different data sets in there kind of portrayed. So I actually did like a replica with like peruse and it's almost like like once we have info on like the volumes of stuff we can like fill that in a little bit accordingly. But yeah, it was really. Yeah, see for sure this kind of documentation I think for us could be really beneficial for us to like attach on an email. Ours might be a little bit different if we're, you know, our angle is a little bit more towards like we can get kind of anything you want type of angle. But I think sending that with emails I think could be quite nice because I don't think a lot of other companies are doing that right now.
Speaker 2: And would you say like that ergo centric one, for example, would we be able to mirror that pretty closely with our egocentric data set? There's probably some gaps in like the info we have, right?
Speaker 3: Yeah, there's probably some gaps. And I think the problem with ours is that just pure like volume wise we don't have the numbers just because we have all data sets compared to them. So it doesn't necessarily stand as strong. But would I try to do something like this like for us for example, so we can offer like egocentric contributor or workplaces. We also have cinematic partners that we can get like higher end data. We also have video game data that we can get for very cheap. You know, the diversity between like indoor, outdoor. I think the one thing is tapping into like the workplaces too, which is this kind of high volume data for a Relatively low cost. Could be something nice. Even Breaking down potential diversity of video games they can get for us. Like, if you as a customer is like, oh, I really like, I don't know, you're working on some sort of world modeling and you really want these RPG, like Red Dead Redemption 2 type of game. You tell us what game you want and how much hours per volume and we'll get it for you. Data labeling as well. I try to do it and then it's this whole kind of collection to annotation pipeline or collection to delivery maybe where it's like we can do either one of these steps or all of them steps or. Yeah, whichever kind of you want. So I even try to cover, like, our diversity in terms of geographic diversity. This was like a first draft, right. So it's just me on paper, but showing this visually, for example, like, could be nice training, onboarding, recording standards, and then, you know, like everything else. But in terms of our, like, I try to do like a data catalog. So I left them blank because I wanted to add more like the SKU project that we had. But these would be kind of the smaller numbers. Right. So I don't think it would be like, quite a big strength for us to show, like, hey, we have hundreds of thousands of hours where in reality, you know, so that kind of is the one big thing compared to siv, I would say.
Speaker 2: Yeah. And that might also be why that angle needs to be less. Here's this massive catalog like Trovio or Sieve, where you just kind of shop and you buy and it's a little bit more. There's a team that will get you your tailored data and soup to nuts, like, deliver like, the exact, like, data set ready for training for you. And then it's like, less a question of, like, show me what data you have and more like, tell us what data you want, we might have it or where we can tell you how much it would cost to go get it.
Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah. And some of these sites, instead of book a call that have request samples. And I know it's a generic kind of button where you just click a request sample, but we can even think about framing that of, like, we can prove to you that we can get whatever data you want. So, like, if you want to request, and this could be maybe after our first call or second call, but it almost could be like a little bit of like a bullish bet that we take. I'm like, yeah, tell us what you want right now, like, on this call, and we'll get it to you type of thing. Not as, you know, as aggressive as that or something.
Speaker 1: Yeah, free samples reminds me of Maker for managed services.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, that's true. Yeah. The conferences just on makers note is like one thing I think could be pretty useful for us going to these research conferences and then I'm pretty sure we'd get leads from there too because it's the same guys that are. That are probably like looking for data and whatnot.
Speaker 3: Conferences could be cool or just gatherings of some sort. Yeah, yeah, that'd be kind of nice because then we put like a face to what claro is and we could kind of try to get a few conversations going.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I think we could do well at a conference.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's like something I know we're like close to time, but over the next little bit I think like some of the things we want to just like do some brainstorming on is aside from the referrals, which I agree Chad, I think hopefully that will be the way we kind of go from cold start to like moving predictable. Pipeline will probably come from like a few of those bets that end up working and events will be one of them. And we just have to kind of ideate on what might be some other other interesting ways. Cool. Anything else you guys want to touch on? I know we only have a little bit left.
Speaker 1: Sounds like Danny wants to set up a call. Do you want me to set that up, John, or do you want us like do you want to chat with them or like how do you want to format that?
Speaker 2: Yeah, we can probably set up a call sometime next week, maybe late next week. I can tell you like what might be a good day, but I think that call plus like the general sync thing that Julian or whoever mentioned. My thinking is by that point in time we basically have somewhat what the sales deck is of. Like here's what we've done and that's kind of these case studies or projects, the amount of data we have, here's general positioning and then we can almost answer these questions of like, how are you going to go to market? Like, what makes you guys different? Here's kind of a reveal of our visual identity and how we plan on like going out to market with it. And then here's just the goals. Like we want to get to 10 by the end of the year, but the next 90 days it's like this is what we're going to like try and prove out. And then that should hopefully give folks. That should hopefully give folks like, okay, I could intro you to a few people. But I think like one other thing there too is like we need to kind of say if you have data asks, here's how you get in touch with us. And then that way, you know, the Julians and whoever's in Rakers will know like for these different projects they can start coming to us as well. Because I don't think a lot of them kind of know like what is Data Marketplace and what do we actually do?
Speaker 1: Okay, cool. Yeah, yeah, if you have data asset, bring them to us first. Here's our Slack channel. Just reach out.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. And honestly I think it's probably the same call. Like we can probably tell Danny that Julian setting a GTM sync up so you know, we'll kind of have some stuff to share there and then riff on.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So should we do the general market or should we do the general. The marketplace call first and then we can meet with Annie like later if he has follow ups or.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, he's probably going to be in that call. I think the way he was like robotics one, I think that would be. That probably makes sense the most. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Okay. Okay, well I'll let him know that we have a call next. We're working on getting the call in the books for next week.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, that's kind of the timeline that like we can I think work towards just making sure we sort of have some stuff to show and then a general sense of how to work with us. Should be good.
Speaker 1: Do you have any like connections at any of these labs, John, that like you think could use their services or.
Speaker 2: Not like off the bat? There's like these labs that we just naturally know. But yeah, that's, I think like I want to make sure that when we like put out the feelers, us three are in a good position where if they're like, can you talk tomorrow? We can actually talk tomorrow.
Speaker 1: I'm gonna get a Google sheet. I'm gonna get like, I'm gonna like put a Google form or something into the. I don't know like how I'm gonna exactly do this, but yeah, I don't want like the very next day or later that day like for like warm interest to start happening. We need to like make sure we're like a little tailored. Yeah, yeah, like, like create a list or form. They can fill it out and then like we can reach back out to that person when we're like ready. Because like, I don't know if somebody has like a big in at like OpenAI is that the first customer we want to talk to?
Speaker 2: Probably exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think I said before that is also, like, you know, we can farm those leads, but before we talk to them, hopefully, like, from what I'm hearing from you guys, like, we need to get to see tier of, like, polish where it does, like, legitimately look like we can at least fake what we're talking about. And then, you know, if we fumble it during delivery or during the call, that's one thing. But I do feel pretty confident, like, we might not be able to get to the granularity of what SIV is showing, but there's probably a level there that we can show. Like, here's all these different projects we've done. Here's, like, different data we've collected. And then, like, tell us what's the data you need.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean, we've done a ton of things, so, like, we do know how to talk about it. Yeah, I'd say fairly well. Like, it's just like, I think we'll be in good shape pretty quickly. Like, I think we are, like, a week away from, like, having most of the stuff pretty to a pretty polished state, maybe two. But, like, I think, like, I mean, he's done a lot of work with, like, the notion. He's done a lot of work with, like, sales deck that we can just, like, tweak once we find, like, finalize our messaging and then. So I feel like we're getting to a place where we're pretty good.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. I guess that leads me to the last point, which is the weekly Sprint board. Let's kind of start just using that as our rhythm. So when you guys are, like, tackling things. My thinking is probably the best way for us all to work together is we do a call like this on Monday. And in that call, we can look at the previous week's Sprint tasks and we can share your deliverables, get feedback, whatever. And then we open up, like, okay, from here, what's the agenda for this week? And then we just put it into a board and just keep going on that cycle. What I told Naim is I will just take a version of that cycle and then just post weekly in the updates channel. I think it's like Claru updates, so that they also know, like, okay, here's stuff that was done before the website launched or this thing or that thing happened. And that way there won't be any kind of, like, misalignment there. And, like, what we're doing and what we're tracking towards.
Speaker 1: Yeah, okay, cool.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So do you want me to move this meeting into Mondays or do you want me to set up an additional month?
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah, just move this one to Monday. I figured Monday's probably good because we'll just be looking at the board and being like, let's go through stuff from last week. Like, does it change what we should be doing this week? And then it just becomes like a good life cycle we work through.
Speaker 1: And then is. Is Naim running, like, go to market as a whole or like, what's.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so my understanding is our marketplace team rolls into him and he does GTM and product.
Speaker 1: Product and product.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's kind of like, I guess, like. So for like things like, you know, if there's like a project that comes through, like Matthias's where, you know, he wants, let's say, 750k in spend to get data, Naim would be the guy we just go to to like make sure it's signed off on and you'll clear it with whoever finances.
Speaker 1: Okay. Okay, cool. Do you think actually when you talked about mates, like not caring about price that much, but do you think that was just like a function of like how we operated versus, like, do you think other labs will care more about price than like what we necessarily did, or do you think it's just like similar across the board?
Speaker 2: I think it's research will not care about price, finance will care about price. And so it'll just become like, that's where I think it's like, as long as the researcher is like, if you want me to build this model, it's going to cost 2 million and finance is like, well, did you talk to a bunch of vendors and all the vendors are like similarly priced, Then it's like you go with the one that you think will work the only way. And even then it's like if the vendor is not the best, but they're half the price, I still think research probably trumps the decision making in AI world. So finance just kind of has to like suck it up and be like, yeah, they're not like the fit even if they're half the price.
Speaker 1: Yeah, okay.
Speaker 3: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So, yeah, like a research would find why the half price person is not.
Speaker 2: The right fit for them. The unique angle we have here is Danny, to your point, is a lot more frugal than moonvalley. Like, he just does not like randomly spend a ton of money on different things. So for the internal stuff, like when Matthias asks this and he goes, talks to a vendor, we actually have a really good chance of getting those projects and doing it instead. Because Danny will optimize for, like, I will gladly save 100k if it means we can do it instead of a third party vendor. Yeah, that's my read so far from, like, stuff I've seen.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Speaker 3: Interesting.
Speaker 1: All right, well, that's good for us.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Cool. Yeah. So I guess, like, take a look at the Sprint board and then just like groom it for stuff you guys are tackling this week and then stuff you think for next week. The way it's set up, I actually have it opened up here so I can get your all your thoughts on it. So the way I set it up is I didn't want to overcomplicate anything. It's just like categorized by a week number. So week eight is the week number we're on. There's a bunch of tasks here and then this is just stuff that I queued up. But there's also just like a backlog of almost like everything that we've talked about and from the communications roadmap notion that you guys had. So we can kind of, as a team, just look at this on a week, week basis and be like, you know, logically, what is like the next set of things that we need to roll from what we've done this week and just kind of, you know, prioritize accordingly. And then everything else is pretty simple, I think. It just has like a category and then top goal is like, what's like the main thing you're going to be focusing on. So hopefully it's like a pretty easy cadence for us to work off of. And I've just got like a Claude thing that will read this on Monday and spit out for me, like, here's the status update for Naim to just say, like, here's what we did last week, here's what we did this week. So it uses the week numbers to understand what was before and after and it'll just fit something out that's weak.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Do you need us, like, leave notes in any of them or, like, I mean, only if it's relevant. Like, if some stuff just like to close it out. Like we just close them out or like, do you want to.
Speaker 2: Yeah, this is just for us. So like, Naim, no one's gonna look at this. It's just really for us to know, like, are we all aligned in who's tackling what and what to expect? Like, by end of week, it'll just like, make sure we're like all working on the right things and can come and discuss it.
Speaker 3: Nice.
Speaker 1: Okay, cool.
Speaker 2: Yeah, cool. Okay. All right, I will talk to you all later. I hope to show you guys the website sometime tomorrow, I would say. So I've done. Actually I can do a little sneak peek of it right now. Just. Yeah, so I primarily use cloud code and I'm just kind of like directly coding it.
Speaker 3: Um.
Speaker 2: Shit. Where is it?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, we don't even need kaiki.
Speaker 2: Yeah, so this is the, this one you've seen. I've just been like finessing with the copy and stuff and then I think like this was there when I sent it to you guys, but sort of like the different pillars. The thing I was working on yesterday onwards is what's the supply side version that we can kind of like stand up? So that's like this right here and kind of putting in like I took some of the videos we had before, generated like some new ones to like make it look cool and then just some like copy around it. And I did this one thing. This is like a. I just wanted to do it because I wanted to see if it would actually work. But I set up a way to scrape Micro one and pull all their like postings of different jobs and so you can click into like everything and it's like actually got info and everything about it. And then what I did is if there's stuff that's like irrelevant, we can like log in in the back end and then just like mark some of them as archived. But I put that up as well just to like fake. Like I wouldn't say like fake, but we might not need like a, I don't know, you know, indoor video recording person today. But what if as we start doing all of this stuff we can just build pipeline of people that are like applying. So I kind of set that up as well as just like an interesting thing that can just run in the background. Although obviously we're not like sourcing for those people or anything right now.
Speaker 1: Do they actually create a profile though?
Speaker 2: So I send them to Claru right now. We can figure out how to actually do it, but I just send them to the application or the sign up page on Claru.
Speaker 1: We can probably like. I mean it would be interesting to capture like which projects they actually apply to somehow. Like in Claru. Yeah, yeah, we then have that. Like so then like if some of these jobs launch in the future, then all of a sudden like we can go find who signed up for a profile. Um, yeah. Nice. That. That's Pretty sweet. Um, it also makes it look. Us look like way more legit too.
Speaker 2: Yeah. If you have. If you guys have ideas of other things that might just make us look more legit. I. I think there's probably some ways.
Speaker 1: We can have like, I think like an internal job, like a. A team. So like Micro one does a very poor job in terms of their filters of like, sorting for like, who they're hiring for internally versus, like contractors. So I don't know if there's like a way of like hiring like creating an additional job board that's just like internal related. And it's like project manager, like head of data, like for real. Like, when I look at these sites and like people aren't hiring, I'm like, I don't know, like, like. But like, if you have that stuff, it's like, oh, they're like, legit.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: I'm like 20 roles of like, yeah, engineers and all the stuff that like, you could need. I think that to me is like, pretty interesting.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's pretty easy. We could spin one of those up and just give it the same look and feel like. And then just like a random. Yeah, yeah. Then just have like a forum where we capture things and we don't have to worry about like, Ashby and all of that stuff.
Speaker 3: Stuff.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. Part of this is I. Like, this was something we learned from draft, which is if you keep the supply side side the same as the demand side, the supply side. People that like, see these job postings, there's like job board aggregators that will like, take the link and then put it in their job board. So you start building backlinks which naturally, like, actually rank your domain up. And the same goes for keywords. So like all of these like random annotation titles, you end up like, actually if the site is getting a lot of traffic and these keywords are associated with the site, you'll probably start ranking for those keywords as well, which might be like, you know, suddenly if people are searching like annotation jobs in robotics, these postings start showing up just because we naturally rank. So that was kind of like a little bit of SEO stuff I was thinking there.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's sweet.
Speaker 2: I also heard this. I'm just sharing because I thought this was pretty smart. You can send emails to supply side, where you show them, like, you send a message saying, hey, we rebranded Claru. Click this link to go to it. But then the link that you share is actually not your domain link. You give them the Google search result link so then Google starts to think these people are actually searching Claru and clicking on it. And that also starts to boost a signal of, like, this might be some legitimate site with, like, all these random people, like, looking up Claru. So some interesting stuff to play around.
Speaker 1: Have you seen in China, like, they have these, like, cell phone farms?
Speaker 2: I mean, technically we can probably get the supply side and just like, say, hey, do this. Do this at scale for a bit.
Speaker 1: Yeah, well, when we launch the new site. Or like, yeah, once we launch the new site, I can send it out as a Google search thing onto our announcement channel. We could definitely do that. And that's like a thousand people will probably click on it.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah, exactly. There's probably some stuff there. One thing, I don't know if it's in the Sprint board, but we should just go and, like, save handles for things like Twitter, TikTok, like, bunch of these, like, random things set up, like a LinkedIn company page. Because to your point, like that those can be stuff that we start slowly, like seeding and posting stuff onto, and then it'll eventually build some legitimacy.
Speaker 3: Yeah, definitely. Especially for the LinkedIn stuff and maybe a few more like social media or. Yeah, like that. I think it'd be good.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 3: Nice.
Speaker 2: Cool. Okay. All right, let me know if you guys have any thoughts, and then, yeah, we'll just talk Async.
Speaker 3: Cool.
Speaker 1: Sounds good. All right.